Update index - Closes #507 (#509)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/guides/index.adoc

Mona Bärenfänger <mona@lightcurve.io>
:description:
:toc:
:imagesdir: ../../assets/images
:url_github_hello: https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-sdk-examples/tree/development/hello_world
:url_react: https://reactjs.org/

:url_config: guides/configuration.adoc
:url_custom: guides/customize.adoc
:url_frontend: guides/frontend.adoc
:url_launch: guides/launch.adoc
:url_setup: setup.adoc
:url_tutorials: tutorials/index.adoc

This section consists of concise, goal-oriented how-to guides that are designed in a manner to help the user solve specific issues.

> The guides are listed in a chronological order, taking you through the basic steps of developing a blockchain application with the Lisk SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The guides are listed in chronological order, walking the user through the basic steps of developing a blockchain application with the Lisk SDK.
```

== The Hello World app

As an example, the guides use the {url_github_hello}[Hello World] app, which contains a very basic blockchain application with one custom transaction type and a simple frontend.

This basic example describes a minimal set of code which is required to implement a blockchain application.

If you wish to follow the guides on a 1-to-1 basis, it is recommend to set up the 'Hello World' app as described below.

Alternatively it is possible to start directly with your own use case, or a xref:{url_tutorials}[tutorial], and then refer back to the guides for further detailed information on certain specific topics, as and when required.

To set up the Hello World app, first install the xref:{url_setup}[prerequisites], then clone the repository and navigate into it as shown below:

.In the terminal
[source,bash]
----
git clone https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-sdk-examples.git
cd lisk-sdk-examples/hello_world
----

Now install all required node modules for the node application by executing the following command below:

.lisk-sdk-examples/hello_world
[source,bash]
----
npm install
----

> Then, to spin up the devnet node execute the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next step is to spin up the devnet node by executing the following command:
```

.lisk-sdk-examples/hello_world
[source,bash]
----
node index.js | npx bunyan -o short
----

If the setup was successful, it will be possible to view the logs of the node in the terminal.

Once the node is started, it will spin up a local devnet with only one node, and all 101 genesis delegates forging on that node.

> The delegates will then add a new block to the blockchain, which is also visible in the logs every 10 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The delegates will then add a new block to the blockchain, which will also be visible in the logs every 10 seconds.
```

:imagesdir: ../../assets/images
:url_github_hello: https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-sdk-examples/tree/development/hello_world
:url_react: https://reactjs.org/

:url_config: guides/configuration.adoc
:url_custom: guides/customize.adoc
:url_frontend: guides/frontend.adoc
:url_launch: guides/launch.adoc
:url_setup: setup.adoc
:url_tutorials: tutorials/index.adoc

This section consists of concise, goal-oriented how-to guides, that are designed in a manner to help the user to solve specific issues.

The guides are listed in a chronological order, taking you through the basic steps of developing a blockchain application with the Lisk SDK.

== The Hello World app

As example, the guides use the {url_github_hello}[Hello World] app, which is a very basic blockchain application with one custom transaction type and a simple frontend.

This basic example describes a minimal set of code, that is needed to implement a blockchain application.

If you want to follow the guides 1-to-1, we recommend to set up the Hello World app like described below.

Or you may directly start with your own use case or a xref:{url_tutorials}[tutorial], and just come back to the guides to look up certain topics.

> To set up the Hello World app, first install the xref:{url_setup}[prerequisites], then clone the repository and navigate into it:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up the Hello World app, first install the xref:{url_setup}[prerequisites], then clone the repository and navigate into it as shown below:
```

.In the terminal
[source,bash]
----
git clone https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-sdk-examples.git
cd lisk-sdk-examples/hello_world
----

> Now install all required node modules for the node application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now install all required node modules for the node application by executing the following command below:
```

.lisk-sdk-examples/hello_world
[source,bash]
----
npm install
----

> Then, to spin up the devnet node execute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, to spin up the devnet node execute the following command:
```

.lisk-sdk-examples/hello_world
[source,bash]
----
node index.js | npx bunyan -o short
----

> If the setup was successful, you should see the logs of the node in the terminal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the setup was successful, it will be possible to view the logs of the node in the terminal.
```

Once the node is started, it will spin up a local devnet with only one node, and all 101 genesis delegates forging on that node.
The delegates will then add a new block to the blockchain, which is also visible in the logs every 10 seconds.

image::run_a_blockchain_10_secs.gif[Logs of a node]

> All further parts of the Hello Word application are explained in the dedicated Lisk SDK guides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All remaining topics of the Hello Word application are explained further in the dedicated Lisk SDK guides.
```

== Main Guides

> The most important parts of building a blockchain application are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most important parts of building a blockchain application are described below:
```

. The xref:{url_config}[configuration guide] covers how to configure a blockchain application and how to modify the default values.
. The xref:{url_custom}[custom transactions guide] explains how to add and register a new transaction type.

> . In the xref:{url_frontend}[connect a frontend guide], it is explained how to develop a {url_react}[React] frontend for a blockchain application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the xref:{url_frontend}[connect a frontend guide], how to develop a {url_react}[React] frontend for a blockchain application is explained.
```
